What does a guy and what can accent out in this video we're going to be making up in more sections.
OK.
You can see that in the video we work with this this and this and that.
So we added four sections right here and these are making our rooms look so amazing.
OK.
So now here you can see that we can make some changes to the blorb model.
I'm just going to come here and you can see that if I just go to the design.
OK.
And then I go to the image and icon and you can see
I can just change it.
OK I can change the circle icon.
I told you this and then we have this right here so you can also make your services look like this.
And then you can just increase the size if you want to and make it look like how you want it.
OK but I'll be just going with the normal one.
OK.
And this is how I like it.
So you can change it according to your needs.
OK.
And then we work with this and that so if you don't want any of the background color and if you think
that it is not looking good then it can change it.
What you can do you can just come here you can go to the background right here.
OK.
And then you can click this you can see this is totally gone there there's no background color right
here.
So you can do it like this.
OK.
And I'll be just moving up.
I'll be just entering the Control see because I think I like the way it is.
OK.
And now the next thing that we want tray here beneath it is it should be like how this company works.
So you can add it pretty well right about here so that below you can add a call to action right below
the call to action if you want to.
OK so I'm just going to come here come here and I'm going to hit this guy right here that he's adding
section.
OK.
I want to click here and here is the regular one.
I want this right here.
OK.
A new section is created so I'm just adding it right below here so we can just tell our users that how
our company works.
So we have a go.
I'm just going to come here I need for this column or a here and then here I want to give
heading.
So for heading we need a text
OK.
Here we go.
And here and he's come here to the visual right here and I need to add the heading.
So this rule is not loading.
So let's him here to the text itself.
OK so I'm going to come here I'm going to hit this gear icon and I need the text right here.
I'm going to come here and I need to hit it so my heading is going to be how we work ok.
I'm going to make it the heading 1.
So if you just come here right here you can see this is now changed to heading 1.
So I'm going to go to that design right here I'm going to go to that text and I'm going to align it
to the center.
There they go.
OK.
I'm going to go to the convent and then I'm going to go to the design itself.
I'm going to just check it.
I'm going to go to the heading text and then here I need the heading for to be the open sands.
Hey and they're having fun.
They can be semi bowled or light so light looks pretty cool.
Here.
OK.
I want to do one more thing and that is the hitting Dick's say.
I want to increase it.
Cool.
OK.
Let's choose the fun to be the regular so that it matches this one OK.
And what else we want.
We want to go down.
We want to go down and fan.
OK.
We're totally done with this what we have to do right now is that we need to change the color of this
work.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to select it.
I'm going to just bring it from here to here and I'm going to choose the color and my color is going
to be the orange one right here.
OK.
I need a heading so let's come here.
Let's click the plus button right here.
I need to just come here and I need divider right here.
So here we go.
And I want to show the divider.
So my divider deciding that the color should be the orange and the style should be solid and the divider
position is stop.
I want to go to this site using the vaid should be three tree pixel.
OK.
And I want to go ahead David.
So fed is going to be.
Let's bring in descender and let's decrease the bet so let's freeze or decrease or decrease it.
So we get the right position.
So I think it looks cool.
I want to go to the advance tray here.
I'm going to go to that design.
Let's go to this spacing and the margin should be decreased a bit to 15 pixel.
So 15 pixel I didn't think so 10 pixel looks great.
Let's quickly let's just enter and here we go.
You can see we're totally done with this.
Now what we want is that we need to just give a background to deaths.
So Dad it separates it.
OK.
I want to go to let's just give this one the background OK.
I want to come here I want to go to the bathroom right here and the background color should be hash
tag.
EBay eBay EBAY.
OK.
And you can see this is a bit cray and this is right.
So this is totally separating from each other.
OK.
I'm going to come here right here and let's just come here to the how we work section.
I want to add something right here below.
So we need to add basically three columns.
So the first is going to be that you have to request consolidation.
OK.
You get a call from us you request a consultation you get a call from us.
We do your work then.
Or you can go with them you complete our code.
We do your work.
Cool.
That's cool.
OK.
I'm going to bring this right here and I need four columns OK four columns are right here.
I need a blurb right here because we have to work with the blurb.
You can also move the call to action or
the code Common's count down timer conduct form email Opt-In fill trivial portfolio log in me.
My person
this I think you should go fed them the blurb.
OK let's click this.
And here we are.
So first of all you have to submit a request.
You what is this
let's just cross a scheme here let's take this guy right here again and let's center you submit
request OK.
The content is going to be all right.
Just add the law it's him so you can just add some description if you want to.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to use the content generator dummy content.
Let's just click here and here we have the lips and dot com.
OK.
I'm going to go from here.
I'm going to just generate click generate large ipsum.
And here we have it.
So I'm just going to copy some from here to here a think or just for this line.
All right let's copy let's just come here and let's face it.
So here we have.
OK.
I need an icon as well.
So I'm going to go here.
I need an icon.
You can also use the image as well.
So let's add the image for that.
OK.
I'm going to go to the pixie dot com and let's add an image basically.
Here I need to get the transparent image.
Submit So let's search for some metric Kristan something like that.
So we just have only one
request.
OK let's choose the icon I think use the icon.
OK.
And then for submitting the first thing
you have to basically decide which icon suits this.
OK.
You have to think of this you can just spend your time here because people actually sees this.
This and this and you have to make sure that they are amazing.
OK.
I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go down to find a best icon.
OK.
Cool.
It matches this.
OK.
And there we are.
We have to basically now copy it.
But first we have to design this and then we'll just duplicate it and pasted right here.
So I'm going to go to the design right here.
I'm going to go with you means an icon so my image icon color is going to be this one.
I need to make it a little bit lighter OK.
And there we go and let's go to the title takes Ray here.
So let's just bring all the text to the center.
So I'm going to bring all the text to the center right here and there we go.
You can also use the just divide as well.
So let's just come here.
Let's just come here to the title text.
So my title text size is going to be a bit larger.
Cool.
OK.
Now what I have to do I need to just come here.
And I think it is totally done.
So now we have to OK let's just come here let's delete this and let's have a full stop here.
OK.
Now what I have to do I need to basically duplicate it.
So because we don't have to do anything else right here.
So I needed to placated what else we can do.
Let's just come here.
Let's come here to the visual tab.
Ok.
Here OK.
And let's add something.
So this is going to be fun.
OK.
This one is right here.
I want to make it the heading.
OK.
Let's just make it the heading and let's come here and let's close this one right here.
Sorry H-1 there go.
You can see this is coming right here.
So we basically need to design this right now.
I'm going to come here and I want to click this I want to selected and I want to change it.
So I want to change it to be just color.
OK.
And there we go.
I want it to be a different font so I'm going to choose the font to be
the font that is basically an amazing font so
lets go down lets go down lets go down till we find the best fonde.
This is also the form this is basically the rise here in Pakistan.
The colored race we say biryani.
So this holds off on name right.
Let's go down.
OK I think this one.
This one is cool.
Here we go.
It looks amazing.
It looks cool.
OK.
Now what I want to do I want to just skim here.
You know I wanted to implicate so triplicated once more once more so you can see that we have three
right here.
I just want to come here.
I just want to drag a tray here and I want to drop it.
OK.
I want to drag it and drop it and I want to drag it and drop a tree below here.
So we have these right here.
I want to just come here and I want to change it.
So for this this is going to be you submit a request.
We call you OK we call you.
And this is going to be let's give here and this is the guy right here and he does change it to two.
So that is it simply changes too.
And if you don't want to do you just select it and then you change it to three two or anything.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to add Turei here and then say I'm like this.
I want to come here and I want to change it.
So let's change this.
You submit a request we call you
you accept our coat OK and we do your work.
OK.
I want to change this to be three.
And this to be for I want to come here and I want to change the icon of this.
We call you.
I want to go to the image and I can show you the content and I want to go to that image and icon.
And we want to choose something that has the full in itself or this one we can also choose this one
can also choose this one.
Here we go.
OK.
I want to come here right here again and I want to choose a different color for this as well.
So will you accept our coat.
So for a coat
you accept our coat.
We do your work so far.
Work.
I think this hope it's it.
It just looks amazing.
It just looks at me pictures like.
OK.
You can see how we were just coming right here.
You submit a request because you you accept turncoat do your work so you can see that by changing these
icons and changing the stuff you can see how great it is looking.
OK.
I want to come here I want to just come here to the settings and I want to go to design right here and
then I want to go to the alignment so said.
The sizing should be used.
The custom got to read.
So I wanted to freeze it.
Now it looks cool.
OK.
There we go.
So we have to create a custom got to read and this looks already amazing.
Ok cool.
So now we can see how our Web site is looking.
I think we need to give decrease some padding from here but let's increase it from this.
It is managing to increase it more
try to make sure that the distance between this and this is the same don't just increase or decrease
it and to do it like this.
OK.
So you can see the distance between this and this is also same and everything is looking totally OK
if you want to decrease the distance from the Tabari You can also increase and decrease it from the
site as well.
OK.
So you can see everything is looking pretty awesome.
Okay.
And this is our whole web site and this is totally done.
So let's have a look at just how it is looking.
I'm just going to click here and again see how this is looking so you can see that we have the head
array here.
And then we have our services section.
We have a call to action.
We have how we work section and then we have the client tribute.
So this is a perfect home page example and you can see how our Web site is looking.
OK.
Now if we add a little gray here and then we match the color of this letter and then you will see how
amazing it's going to look.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now we are totally done are this home page.
OK.
We'll be creating about page will be creating a contact us page him like that and then we will be adding
some animations to our Web site to make to make it look good not so much any mention that bouncing bouncing
effects not that much to normal fading effect in something like that.
And then we will optimize your uptake for Mobile and then we'll be totally done with the website.
So stadium guys and Buh-Bye.